Add ADP-specific glossary terms for GA (#1691)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/terms/partials/oauth-connection.adoc

=== OAuth Connection
:term-name: OAuth Connection

> :hover-text: A per-user OAuth connection to a third-party provider, created by completing the consent flow. Connections store the user's access and refresh tokens in the Token Vault and are used by agents on behalf of that user.

Author: ```suggestion
=== OAuth connection
:term-name: OAuth connection
:hover-text: A per-user OAuth connection to a third-party provider, created by completing the consent flow. Connections store the user's access and refresh tokens in the token vault and are used by agents on behalf of that user.
```

> :hover-text: A per-user OAuth connection to a third-party provider, created by completing the consent flow. Connections store the user's access and refresh tokens in the token vault and are used by agents on behalf of that user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:hover-text: A stored authorization that links a user to a third-party provider, created when the user completes the OAuth consent flow. OAuth connections hold access and refresh tokens in the token vault for agents to use on the user's behalf.
```
feel free to use - would just like to avoid having the gloss term itself in the hover text/definition
